zohan now
he is the greatest israeli soldier
the world has ever known
but it was time for a change i wanted to
leave the army what will you do i
want to cut and style
hair
[Laughter]
this summer he's entering a new world
you ever cut a sister's hair before
she's still brothel
grandma grandpa have you ever worked
with dreads before
creature okay he's helped me i have the
job right
and pursuing his dream you have never
cut hair before i will do whatever it
takes
okay sunny whole world will be silky
[Music]
smooth
now his old life you're an israeli
counter terrorist
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no
no no no no no no was that a motorboat
he's catching up with them
this is his job we will capture
we will be heroes go
well it was very cool
you think i have nice curls that go well
with a full
face idiot on june 6th
stay out of my business mustafa this is
not my name
was that your feet adam sandler smell it
smell it now take it that's for you you
don't
mess with the zohan have you ever worked
with kids before
[Applause]
[Music]
at least it's a good time to shave his
neck i would get them quick
[Music]
you